THE SHADOW THAT
SNUCK UP TOO CLOSE
Could she have checked
my call history without asking ?!
Dammit. We've lost
the alien's location.
There it is, standing in front
of the spacecraft!
This is trouble!
Your mom got
a call from someone
saying she was your fiancée!
No, it can't be!
And the alien's been taken out.
She contacted me too!
"Everyone in my way
has been eliminated.
| can't wait for
our date tomorrow."
I never agreed to any dates!
The woman's more dangerous
than the aliens!
Man... Stalkers really are scary.
SOY SAUCE
Come to think of it,
lately I've been feeling
eyes on me, foo.
I've defeated a lot of
bad guys in the past.
Maybe someone's got
a grudge against me.
It's no big deal if it's just
someone with a grudge.
But if that grudge or anger
turned into some kind of
warped love, like that movie,
how should I handle it?
This place is
getting pretty messy.
It has beer three days
since I started investigating the secret
of Master Saitama's power.
I have yet to
gain any information
and time is ticking away...
Is he purposely being cautious
so no one can find out?
| hope I come up
with something soon.
As / suspected,
he is on guard.
! must hurry.
Investigation: Day 4.
He is eating out for the first time.
I see.
Perhaps the secret of
his power lies in his food.
Right now we have
specials on steak.
They're all very good!
Uh... I guess...just give me...
whatever's cheapest.
The 150 gram steak?
Uh, no...
This.
One side order of French fries.
Oh, that's all.
Looks like it's time for a job again.
Damn it.
Enjoy.
Seriously?
The portion's so small.
This is ¥3007?
Plus there's only one long,
soft one like I like.
The rest are all
short and crispy.
It sure isn't my day today...
ls that it?
Huh?
The nice long one is...
...gone!
Excuse me.
Yes?
I'm missing...
a fry.
Huh?
Yeah, my fries.
The long one...
There was one that
was on the longer side,
and while I was
in the bathroom...
Uh...
You didn't eat it, did you?
What?
| mean, did anyone eat it?
Would you like me
to call the manager?
Oh, no...it's okay.
Don't worry about it.
He makes a special trip
to a chain restaurant
and orders only French fries.
No normal person would dream
of such behavior.
And in that case...
JThere ls...
a strong possibility
that this is a special foodstuff
and that it holds the key
to Master Saitama's power.
Ifs appearance seems normal.
Could there be a secret ingredient?
No...
No matter how I look at it,
all I see is a regular French fry.
Perhaps there is no secret
to his diet?
| will send the data and
have it analyzed.
Who the hell ate my fry?!
And did it have to be the only long one?!
Wait...
Don't tell me I really do have...
a stalker?
Thieving bastard!
I'm so gonna kick your ass!
I'll hide right here
until he comes past.
The area around here is deserted,
so / should be
the only one around.
In other words,
if someone shows up
at my house,
that person has got to be my stalker—
No, my French fry thief
for sure!
No one's coming.
Master, what are you up to?
The same position
for two hours now.
ls he engaging in some kind
of visualization exercise?
Is the analysis complete?
Thank you, Doctor.
I'll head back now.
Dang it.
No one came.
What's going on?
My face...!
I'll make you all dry as dead leaves!
Better be careful.
It's been a bad day
and I'm in a bad mood.
That head...
| finally meet it again!
Huh?
You don't remember me?
Six months ago, you beat me
with a single punch.
| am Men's Esthetician Man,
the wanted Class B criminal!
The shock of being defeated by you
made my luscious skin
completely dry out!
Ever since, I have kept to a strict training
and moisturizing regimen,
all the while searching for you!
So you're—
That's right,
you remember now?
As I wandered about looking
for you,
| turned into a much
more powerful monster!
So that's what happened.
| knew that
if I kept causing
random incidents
you'd turn up again.
Everything adds up now.
It was you.
| doubt you can keep up
with this smoother, softer me!
| don't remember you at all.
But it was you, wasn't it?
You're the one who stole
my French fry.
You're the stalker!
Main ingredient: potato.
24 Calories.
Sugar: 1.8 grams.
Carbohydrates: 4.2 grams.
Sodium: 0.035 grams.
Protein: 0.32 grams.
Damn!
It is just a French fry!
He has a normal diet.
It is no different from
an average persons.
| have not discovered
a single thing.
Could Master be a cyborg like me?
There is only one thing left I can do.
| don't care how many times
you come back to challenge me.
But let me just say this...
Don't you ever go around
stealing people's French fries again!
If you're gonna come at me,
come at me straight.
If I continue being a hero,
this won't be the last time
someone's out for revenge against me.
That is my fate.
It can't be helped.
I just need to change how I think.
Right! I need to think positively.
| just have to believe
there will be people in this world
who appreciate all the things
that / do.
! became a hero three years ago.
I'm not saying I need fans,
but it would be nice if someone
noticed what I've been doing...
Oh yeah, there was that guy
who wanted to be my disciple.
Investigation: Day 5
! have prepared myself
for the worst.
Sensei!
You really showed up.
(Ah, that's the way)
(Ah, let's go)
(Ah, that's the way,
that's the way)
"My name is Saitama.
I'm just a guy
who's a hero for fun,
and I can beat
all the evils of this world. "
Never miss a day of training
No air conditioning was pretty hard
But I was finally rewarded
with this fist
Of overwhelming power
Things you can't forget,
like garbage day
And sale day at the supermarket
(Ah, cheap, cheap, cheap, cheap)
Come on, seaweed,
make my hair grow
One-Punch Folk Song
I can't stand guys
who are long-winded.
Shorten it to 20 words or less
and get back to me!”
(Ah, that's the way,
that's the way)
One attack, one kill, ONE PUNCH
One-Punch Folk Song
Dance! Sing! Fight!
One-Punch AH Folk Song